MegaventoryAPI

I started the project by doing some basic research on how APIs work (I had never been properly introduced to the concept before), what standard procedure for them is and what libraries are appropriate for utilizing an API in c++, which was the language I chose.

After realising that the whole process of sending requests was quite simple and understanding how the curl library works, I started coding. My first task was to model the task, I created 3 structs, one for Products, one for the inventory and the Contacts struct. I originally extended the Contacts struct with a Client and a Supplier struct, but after giving a better look to the API documentation, I decided it was much more functional to do away with that. On the other hand I decided that the distinction between PurchaseOrder and SalesOrder was worth making as they were functionally distinct in the API as well.

I then followed the guidelines I found in my research and created a class called MegaventoryAPI to handle everything that directly interacts with the API. I made sure write the writeCallback function first, as it seemed to me to be standard in every API use case. I then procceeded to write first versions of the functions that handle the tasks. The first version of these functions (which you can see in the first github commit) had a lot of code duplication and did not follow the single responsibility principle. I then run my first (unsuccesful) tests to see if the connection was handled properly, but despite my efforts I keep receiving the ERROR 500 which indicates and empty API key. I read through the documentation of API again, tried different print checks to see if the API key is received by the payload appropriately and found no errors in my code. Due to lack of time I made the decision to fix the modeling of the code more appropriately follow OOP principles, so I created new functions to create the payloads and then deliberated on the idea of creating just one function (or even a separate class) to handle that but decided that could make extending the functionalities of specific objects needlessly complex later on. I also created the perform request function to cut down on code reuse. At this point I (hastily) created the Order struct and the functions for the last 3 "tasks" and I hope to make some time to resolve the empty API key issue (my current guess is that it has something to do with innapropriate payload form). After a very careful revisit to the json forms to make sure they were in accordance with the API, they Empty API key error persists.